chore: add Jaysukh as a mentor (#91)
stdlib-js/google-summer-of-code: mentors.md

    -   GitHub: [Snehil-Shah](https://github.com/Snehil-Shah)
    -   projects: most. Particularly around interactive computing, data visualization, project tooling, and developer tools/integrations.

- Jaysukh Makvana

    -   e-mail: [jaysukhmakvana2004@gmail.com](mailto:jaysukhmakvana2004@gmail.com)
    -   GitHub: [Jaysukh-409](https://github.com/Jaysukh-409)

>     -   projects: most, particularly implementation of mathematical function or array related task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   projects: most, particularly implementations of mathematical functions and array related tasks
```
